Matt groans and rolls over. The bed sheets are all twisted up, tangled in his legs. He is damp with sweat. The television hisses at him like a cornered alley tranny the morning after a hard night. The tranny is hungry, dirty, skanky and cranky. 

Matt's thoughts are scattered and anxious [panicked], his eyes dull and slow-moving. They turn to the screen and soak in the radiation of its soothing colorless snow. The hissing grows louder and Matt's panic subsides. The increasing snow envelops him, drowns out his thoughts. 

Matt grabs his throbbing forehead. It happened again, but what was it? The dead air washes Matt’s mind down the gutter. Was it a dream? He presses his thumb and fingers into his temples in a failed attempt to catch the fluttering dream.

Matt is wearing a woman's blouse that sticks to him. It is cold and wet and two sizes too small. Whatever. 

Matt can see his breath in front of his face, little white clouds twisting and turning with the bed sheets. They blend with the dead air before fading away. 
Crack. Matt thinks of the crack he smoked that one time. The smoke rings crumbling into the cold wind.

“Fucking cold!” Matt yells. “Fucking crack! Crack pipe!”

He closes his eyes, rolling toward the edge of the bed, tangling himself further in the sweat-soaked sheets. Reaching down to the floor, he feels around until he grasps his father's slipper by the heel.

"Luxury fucking pigeon cooped up fucking rundown damned luxury piss fuck," Matt says. "Come on! Fucking piss fuck!”

The slipper feels nicer than any shoe Matt has ever worn. The interior is lined with thick flannel. The cushioning is exquisite. The exterior is hand-stitched suede. It's got a couple of tassels hanging from the tongue. 

Matt has considered tearing off the tassels. They irritate him. Make him feel like a child being forced to wear penny loafers to church.

He lifts the slipper from the floor. It must weigh a pound. Matt can't make up his mind whether to feel weak or impressed. He feels both.

But on the inside of the slipper, the flannel is still wet from the night before. The slippers make Matt's feet sweat. 

The room is cold and wet. Nothing has dried during the night. If anything, the opposite. There is a sheen of moisture and condensation on everything.
Matt's had enough of the television. 

"Stop catcalling," he whines at it. "You ... tranny ... whore!" He twists his body back through the tangle of sweaty sheets, hurling the slipper at the noisy television set.

It connects.

The screen loses vertical hold temporarily. The static squeals louder and images start to flash and flicker, spinning out of control for a minute or two. 
Matt slips into a fit of weird vertigo. He is convinced that he is on an elevator and that the little television screen is a window, a portal, the only way to see out of the elevator car, which has snapped its cable and is falling fast. The floors are whipping by, accelerating exponentially as the vertical hold tumbles.

The bottom drops out of Matt's stomach. A chill runs down his spine. He needs a drink. 

He peels the sticky once-white blouse from his body and uses it to wipe himself down. He's got to get rid of this excess moisture if he wants to warm up. But the sheen of sweat on his body chills him even further once the blouse is lifted. There is a draught coming through the room, forcing its way in from somewhere. From the television? Air blasts in through the snowy gap as the room falls faster and faster.

Free-fall. 

Matt smells the blouse. It’s ripe. Almost makes him want to eat something. But first, a drink.

Matt looks to the mini fridge on its side, lying flat on the worn brown carpet. A small bulb glows feebly inside the broken mouth of the machine.

Matt crumples the blouse into a little ball and throws it into the refrigerator.

“Why am I wearing a fucking blouse?” Matt runs his hands through his damp hair.

He reaches down into his crotch, runs a finger along the seam of his briefs. A little damp from sweat and sleep and whatever. Basically fine. He doesn't bother taking them off.

Matt shuffles toward the window. He pulls his father's bath robe from the radiator, thinking it will be warm. No such luck. No heat. 

"Fuck this place," he says, wrapping the cold, damp terry cloth around his shoulders. He ties a loose knot in the belt, holding the thing closed.

Above the radiator is a window. Old yellowing curtains filter the light. Matt pulls the cloth aside to look outside. The motion stirs up the scent of mildew mixed with ancient body odor. He tries to open the window for a little air by pressing up on the old wooden frame. Pieces of moist wood break off in his hand but the window doesn’t budge. Dry rot. 

“What a shit-hole.”

Matt wipes the mealy wood off on his robe as he looks out the window at a craggy cliff - a rock face covered with moss and patches of grass with the occasional brush and dirt smears. Steaming water leaks out from the cliff in several places, leaving mineral streaks that mar the granite. Stalactites hang from the edges of broken stone, crooks and crannies.

"Well, that's gorgeous," Matt says to the television. He had half forgotten about the cliff. 

The rock wall is maybe fifteen or twenty feet from the window. There is just enough space for an alleyway between the building and cliff. 

Matt presses his face to the cold glass and looks down. He's on the fourth floor. He can just make out the edge of a dumpster far below. 

Matt looks up. He can see the bottom of the footbridge that connects the hotel to the CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL: the SKY-WALK. It's the only way to get to the grotto. The railing is sagging, leaning out over the alleyway below.

In the middle of the rock face is the CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL. Matt can’t see it from his window but the hot spring flows out from deep within the rock and fills the pool, overflowing and dripping down the cliff face. 

A hot underground stream runs down into the basement levels of the hotel and feeds the baths. But the hottest, purest waters can be found in the CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL.

The television jeers at Matt:

>Are you tired of your life? Do you ask yourself questions like, “Where has the time gone? How did I get so old? Where did I put my keys?” Do you hate the sight of yourself when you look in the mirror? Do you hate the sight of your spouse? Do you have trouble getting out of your favorite chair? Are you overweight? Is your spouse overweight? Is your skin papery and thin? Does it cut easily? Do you struggle to stop the bleeding? Does your spouse need an attitude adjustment? When you overhear a conversation in a public place, does it irritate you? Make you angry? Are you plagued by suicidal, homicidal, matri- or patri- or fratri-cidal thoughts? What about infantile thoughts? Do you have a strange rash? Does your spouse? Do you have an undiagnosed skin condition? Are you embarrassed about your spouse’s flabby arms? Does food taste bland to you if you don't smother it with ketchup? What about your spouse? Are you waiting to die? Do you fantasize about a murder-suicide? Do you ever look up toward the sky and shout, "Why do I need a license to carry a gun!”? Do you touch your dick often and repeatedly? Do you long for a dark, handsome drink? Do you ask yourself too many questions? Is your name Matt?

If you've answered "Yes" to any of these questions, you need to take a dip in the FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH at THE FONTIS HOTEL and MIRACLE SPA! So come on down! Have a cocktail in the infamous RED ROOM LOUNGE! Relieve your skeletal and muscular tension with a visit to the dungeon--err, basement where we house our PROHIBITION-ERA MECHANIZED MASSAGE LABORATORY and our ‘S’ STEAM ROOM! 

Once you’re done steaming and a-dreaming, take the scenic SKY-WALK to our hidden CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL! One of the thirty-seven Wonders of the World, this truly miraculous gem is filled with piping hot waters from the center of the earth that may or may not be where Satan resides! Piping hot waters rich in mystical rejuvenating mineral spirits! 

The hidden CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL will melt away the years, and your troubles will vanish! Wrinkles and fuzzy sprinkles and gnarled gout that makes old people shout are unable to stand up to the anti-aging, anti-depressant cocktail that would be illegal if it wasn't a naturally-occurring elixir from the heart of TWO-PEAKS MOUNTAIN! 

That’s right! TWO-PEAKS MOUNTAIN! Not one peak! Not two peaks! TWO-PEAKS MOUNTAIN! With--err, two peaks! 

You've heard it before, the water in SHIT CITY is special! From toilet to tap! The natives knew it millions of years ago! The Mexicans knew it when they invaded our city back in the Middle Ages before it was our city! Now it's time to find out for yourself! Visit THE FONTIS HOTEL and MIRACLE SPA! 

Packages now available at the low, low prices being displayed on your screen! 
Dial the flashing number now to receive an additional discount and voucher for an all-you-can-eat seaweed and champagne brunch to be served in the infamous RED ROOM ANNEX! 

Dial or die! Dial that number now! Dial or die! If you don’t dial now, you run the risk of dying from old age! 

Operators are standing by, waiting to book your reservation! *Dial* or *die*!
This offer won't last, so call now! Call now and come on down to THE FONTIS HOTEL and MIRACLE SPA! 

*CALL NOW*! 

If you don’t call now, the operators that are standing by will die! So *CALL NOW*! What the fuck are you waiting for?!

*Dial or die!*

The television turns, the vertical hold slips and flips for a few moments before it squeals and settles back into snow.

Matt sighs. He feels old. His back hurts. If he didn’t hate water, he could rejuvenate himself in THE CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL. He turns away from the window and jumps up and down for a few minutes to get his blood pumping, his temperature up.

His calf cramps up and he falls back onto the bed, clutching his leg in irritation and pain. He kneads it with his knuckles. He turns his ankles, stretches out the muscle and puts on his father's slippers.

“Fucking cramps,” he says. “Fucking shit.”

Matt touches his dick. 
---
Matt heads out into the hall in search of a drink. He descends the great spiraling stair that encircles the atrium. The silence of the place weighs on him. Surprises him. He can still hear the faint static spitting and hissing from the television in the room he left behind. He must not have closed the door properly. 

“Fucking television,” Matt mumbles. “Fucking cramps. Fucking shit.”

The light that fills the atrium is dirty, dim and diffuse. The glass panels of the overhead dome are caked with sludge. Matt puts his hand on the tarnished brass railing. A cold, clammy feeling crawls up into the bones of his hand. 

He leans out over the railing to look down at the atrium floor. A small amount of stagnant, brackish water ponds in the basin of the fountain.

He pulls the bathrobe tighter around him. It seals in the heat, somehow. 
He watches his feet as he steps down the stairs, amazed at the way his father's slippers look as they move across the faded red and gold filigree patterning of the threadbare carpet. 

Matt can remember a time when THE FONTIS HOTEL had no vacancy. He can remember his father mingling with the guests, always in his robe and slippers, always a drink in his hand. As a child, Matt would sail paper boats folded from newspaper across the flowing fountain. 

“Where’s the sports section?” his father would shout, slurring his words and sloshing his drink. 

Matt would hide somewhere in the hotel, and Sparky could never find him. Somehow though, Mom always did. Until she drowned in THE CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL. Then Matt would hide with her corpse in her coffin, which never was buried but instead kept in a hidden pantry with booze. 

The sound of his father's slippers echoes and reverberates as Matt shuffles across the slick, wet marble floor at the bottom of the stairs. Their vulcanized rubber soles give Matt a little traction and keep him from slipping on the atrium floor. 

Matt moves past the grand piano's elevated platform, walks down a set of three stone steps under the overhanging mezzanine level, and into the red velvet-draped bar. His footsteps leave dirty streaks on the marble. 

“Why doesn’t someone mop around here,” Matt yells. 

THE RED ROOM is shabby and old. Matt remembers when the carpet was red and thick. The upholstered wooden chairs would roll softly across the floor on round casters, leaving jetstream trails through the plush carpet. As a child, Matt would push his toy cars along these trails, his mind full of busy freeways, highways, and byways. 

“Vroom vroom, mother fucker!” 

All that thick, lush upholstery in Matt’s memory is now worn and torn, damp and moldy. The carpet’s red has faded to brown. A sheen of condensation covers everything in the dark bar. 

Matt’s fingers are cold. His knuckles ache with stiffness. He breathes into his hands and rubs them together as he walks behind the bar. 

How can it be so cold? The hotel is built atop one of the hottest hot springs in the universe. Pumping white hot heat from the center of the earth. What the fuck happened?

For once in his life, Matt’s feet are warm and almost comfortable but probably mostly uncomfortable and sweaty. Matt doesn't want to admit this to himself. Instead, he is grateful for the heat. He is satisfied that the slippers are just about the best thing he has going for him. He wiggles his slimy toes. 

The bar is covered in sticky slops, an accumulation of spilt drinks, food scraps, upchuck, and unprotected sex. The stale yeasty hobo-smell of old beer sticks to the roof of Matt's mouth. It clings to his upper lip. 

Matt is full of mixed feelings about this place. He’d rather be full of mixed drinks. He hadn't expected Lala to party like that. She had said that she was in mourning. That he shouldn't criticize a woman in mourning. Matt didn't know if that was a thing or not, but what could he say?

Matt decides he wants to be rid of the hotel. He'll be happy to see it go. He doesn't need these memories. His family is gone now. All of them.

Stocked with bottom-shelf also-rans, the bar is a shit-heap. It'll work fine for Matt. He doesn't care what he's drinking. 

And that’s when a terrible sound shakes Matt, snapping him out of a hypnotic trance he hadn't realized he was in.

Rock and roll music coming from above, echoing and stumbling over itself cacophonously as it blunders through the atrium: Rod Stewart. That might be Lala singing along, too. 

Oh god. She's probably wearing a blue leotard and pink leg warmers. Singing along and stretching, starting to warm up her body. Doing some horrible aerobic routine designed to keep her aging body tight.

Matt wonders if he thinks she's sexy. He can't decide. He doesn't want to see her again. Not until he gets a couple drinks in him at least. 

Matt grabs a bottle of PERTURBIN’ BOURBON and shuffles out of THE RED ROOM into the atrium. He can hear Lala singing clearly now. Just the hooks. Just the choruses.

"Come on Sugar, let me knoooww—ooww!"

Matt feels the urge to defecate. 

He isn't sure what day it is, Friday or Saturday or something. Either way, people should be here. Staff. Guests. Drunks. But no. Nothing.

Matt pokes his head into the lobby before taking the stairs. No one’s at the front desk.

“Where’s Waldo?” 

Matt reaches for the little bell, hesitates, then draws his hand back. He looks over at the magazine rack, hoping to find the newest issue of NINJAS WITH BOOBS. 

Unfortunately, there’s not a porno mag in site. Instead he grabs one of his father’s favorite porn mags: the latest copy of HOTELS QUARTERLY. Who the fuck gets off on hotels? Sparky Lamott. That’s who. 

Lala's voice is getting louder. It sounds like she is getting closer. 

“Shit!” Matt rushes up the stairs to his room. 

He gives the DO NOT DISTURB tag a spin around the handle and sneaks inside before locking the door behind him.
---
Matt has made the decision to whack off to HOTELS QUARTERLY. He rubs his hands together at the novelty of the idea. Images of stucco and dentils race through his mind. Masturbation lost its fun long ago. But maybe, just maybe ...
The TV is still hissing but it’s not dropping floors any more. Matt flips some dials and waves his arms. The thing won’t turn off. Instead, occasional images come through the howling snow with varying degrees of clarity, depending on whether Matt is blinking or turning his head or standing near the window.

>Do not attempt to adjust the picture.

Matt ignores whatever the TV just said to him. He sits on the edge of the bed. Taking his solo love session slow, Matt opens HOTELS QUARTERLY and lays it across his lap. His father's bathrobe falls open, baring a pair of wooly thighs. The hair is matted and stuck to his legs. He flips through the pages. Matt wishes he had a copy of NINJAS WITH BOOBS. What the hell is he doing trying to masturbate to pictures of hotels? 

“I’m losing my shit.”

He scratches his legs. His arms start to itch. 

“Why am I so itchy?” 

He scratches his arms. He scratches his dick. Time for a drink.

Matt tilts his head back, bringing the bottle of PERTURBIN’ BOURBON to his lips. He stabs himself in the gums with the rusty old quick-pour attached to the top of the bottle. 

"Fuck!" Matt yelps, spilling drink down his chin and onto the pages of HOTELS QUARTERLY. "Fucking idiot! Goddamnit!" Matt flings the magazine across the room. 

“Fuck hotels!” Matt swallows blood. Brings a hand to his mouth. “I want booooooooooobs!”

There's just something about NINJAS WITH BOOBS. What is it? Something to do with their boobs ... BUILDINGS WITH BOOBS QUARTERLY. What a brilliant idea. 

Matt dabs his mouth with the collar of his robe. The terry cloth comes away bloody. Struck by the fear of infection, Matt rises, thinking to look for a first-aid kit in the bathroom. Then he remembers the bourbon. He pulls the quick-pour from the mouth of the bottle and throws it at the television as he settles back down onto the bed.

The quick-pour strikes the big dial at the top right of the screen. The set squeals, the picture jumps and twirls and settles clean and clear. 

>Do not attempt to adjust the picture. I control your mind. 

A slow panning shot creeps across the TV screen: a wall of dryers stacked on top each other intercut with a zooming close-up of a dirty tile floor, the grout stained and missing in places like a dirty hobo’s grin with missing teeth.

Matt takes another long pull from the bottle before recognizing the room on the TV: THE CLOTHING CLEANING STORE! 

The television exclaims:

>”Next time on RETAIL RENOVATION GANGBANG!”

“Laundra!” Matt cries out.

>Laundra wears a bra and miniskirt and leans over a washing machine. She holds a thick wooden dowel in both hands, pushing it in and out of the open machine. 

>She’s making sure the clothes are evenly covered, evenly spaced in the hot soapy wine. If the load is unbalanced, the machine will lurch out of place and blow a gasket during its spin cycle.

Matt’s head starts to spin. His unbalanced brain beats against the insides of his skull.

>Laundra pumps the wooden dowel up and down, over and over again. Splish. Splash. Swish. Smash. She moves the heavy piece of lumber in and out of the vibrating machine. The square hunk of jiggling metal hums. Raising her arms high, she brings the large timber up into the air, sighing, and holds it there. Soapy wine drips from the thick wet stick. 

>Laundra adjusts her wide stance and moves up on the washing machine. Her hips pressing firmly against the steel box, she arches her sweaty back and pushes the dowel down harder and deeper.

“So deep, baby,” Matt whispers. 

>Laundra slowly stirs the churning load inside the washing machine. Her ass juts out and her skirt rides up and the camera zooms in.

Matt salivates.

>A little triangle of Laundra’s panties peek out from below the hem of her skirt. They are red with black polka-dots and they are smoking hot.

Matt touches his dick. His cock strains against the damp, sweaty fabric of his yellowing briefs. “Lady bug panties,” he sighs.

>Laundra looks over her shoulder and locks eyes with Matt. She purses her lips and makes suggestive glances while pumping the big hard wood in and out of the top-loading washer. She bites her lip. 

>A figure slides into the frame. It’s Lucius. He’s not wearing any pants, a dowel of his own dangling between his legs. And he’s got a really nice flattop.

Matt touches his hair. It doesn’t quite feel the same as Lucius’ flattop looks.

>Laundra looks at Lucius and tosses her hair around like a tramp while she pumps her wooden skank plank up and down. Lucius reaches his hand out toward her ass and the frame freezes and the logo swirls onto the screen and the announcer screams, "RETAIL RENOVATION GANGBANG!" 

Matt picks up the phone to dial Laundra’s number. The phone clicks and goddamn it, the dial tone doesn't return. He can’t remember the fucking number anyway. But something does come through the phone line: Rod fucking Stewart singing “If You Want My Body and Ya Think I'm Sexy."

“Fucking Rod Stewart!” Matt slams the phone back onto the hook. “Fuck you!” He looks at the television.

>“I can roll the image. Make it flutter. I control the vertical. I control the horizontal.”

There's a knock at the door.

The television goes silent. The vertical hold has dropped again, spinning out of control. An oscilloscope image swirls into focus, the vertical settles, snow flutters around the edges of the screen. A voice congeals from the static. 

>”For the next hour, I will control all that you see and hear. I repeat: there is nothing wrong with your television set. Do not attempt to take control of your life.” 

Matt feels dizzy. Light-headed. Pain in his chest. 

>”Open the door.”

"No," Matt says.

>”She will come in, one way or another. Open the door, or she will open it for you. Open or die, Matt!” 

Matt sits dumbly on the edge of the bed. He can faintly hear Rod Stewart's voice in his head, all tinny and hollow, urging Matt to let him know. 

"I can hear you in there," Lala says from the other side of the door. "Open up, Matt."

The television screen slips and rolls. Matt's stomach drops as the room drops. 

>”Open the door.”

"I'll be down in twenty minutes," Matt says. "I'm a little ... give me a couple of minutes to get ready. I'll be down in a few."

>”Open or die.”

"Come on, Matt. I've got a surprise for you."

"I don't want your--"

>”This has gone on long enough. Open the door. Let her in. Get up.”

"I'm not dressed. Give me a minute," Matt says.

Matt hears the sound of keys jingling outside. Of course she has the master. The skeleton keys.

"Aww ... are you indecent?" 

"Give me a minute!" Matt shouts back.

The television swirls and howls at Matt.  

>”It's too late for this, Matt. You are going to have sexual relations with Lala. She is going to come into this room carrying a 40-ounce bottle of DETERGENT Malt Liquor: Malt liquor for gentlemen who drink DETERGENT Malt Liquor! And you will lick every drop off her naked body.

>”Your widowed mother-in-law is going to dominate you with her widowed vagina. You'll be sucking the juice from her panties in a matter of minutes. 
>”You will ask her about the run-down hotel. She will answer you with a slap to the face. She did what she could for Sparky and his hotel. But he died on her and left her. She doesn't want to be out on her ass. She wants to be taken care of. To be looked after. She was a gem. A star ... and who will care, now? Who will care? This was her last chance.

>”She will slap you again in the face and accuse you. Where the fuck were you all this time? You want to save this hotel and do something for your father? You like what you see? You'd better take a piece of this while you have the chance! Fuck Mommy for Daddy, Matty!

>”And you fuck. And you think of Laundra fucking Lucius while you fuck. And you cry while you cum. And you pass out. And when you come to, you are covered with sweat and shame and the smell of ripe sex and sticky beer. It was a good fuck because it was a different fuck. But you’ve never felt worse. Have a drink. You don’t feel anything, remember? You are numb.” 

Matt groans and rolls over. The bed sheets are all twisted up, tangled in his legs. He is damp with sweat. He’s tired of listening to the television yammer on. 
Lala is laying on the bed, a cigarette smoldering between her fingers. She is saying something, but Matt can't understand her. He can't tell if she is awake or dreaming. She keeps yammering on without saying anything. 

Matt wonders if she's ever said anything worthwhile. He struggles to find his own thoughts, but doesn't have the energy to piece them together. The television and the woman yammer on together.

Matt's heart is pounding. His blood roars in his ears. And he realizes he’s completely lost his shit. He’s got to get the fuck out of this room. He gets out of bed and throws on his father’s robe. 

Lala's panties are on the floor. Red panties with black polka dots. Matt snatches them up and stuffs them into the pocket of his robe. 

He slips his feet into the plush, perfect interior of his father's slippers. The soft flannel welcomes his cramped and aching feet. The stiff leather stretches as he pulls it. The shells are pliable, yet firm, they provide an illusion of protection, a comfortable protective carapace for his weak and fragile feet.

Lala's droning voice weaves around his head like a mosquito. Her words are scattered and incomprehensible. 

A sick feeling rises in his stomach. Bile burns his esophagus. He wants to let go. He wants to puke and shit and piss this feeling out of him.

His cock burns. His throat burns. His soul burns with the taste of what he has done. He touches his dick.

One word punches through the mosquito haze of her voice. One word. A name. 
"Sparky," Lala says.

The television belches out a cloud of white noise and static.

Matt grabs what is left of the bourbon and slams the door behind behind him.
He ignores the signs posted on the walls that tell him the upper floors of THE FONTIS HOTEL are closed to the public.

He doesn't know where he is going, at least, not on the surface. But on some level he knows what he has to do. Matt must face THE CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL. He pulls his body up the stairs.

His mind is a blur of pornographic magazine reviews and television commercials. His tumbling brain turns and turns and he tries to wash the blood stains out.

Matt leans over the railing and looks down to the atrium floor far below. It is difficult to tell from this height, but the water in the basin seems to be agitated, sloshing about. 

“I’ve definitely lost my shit,” Matt says.

The great spiral stair turns around him as he walks. It doesn't feel like climbing. It feels like the floors are slipping down all around him, turning their way slowly through the darkness.

He makes it to the landing of the seventh floor. The door is stuck. There is a sign about the grotto. 

THE CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL IS CLOSED.

PLEASE USE THE BASEMENT POOL.

Matt ignores the sign and pushes through the door, half expecting it to be locked. But the door opens out into the rain and darkness. 

“I fucking hate water,” Matt says before stepping out into it. He closes the door behind him. Wind pushes him back against the side of the building. Rain pelts his face. 

Matt wasn’t expecting it to be this dark out just yet. Had he’d spent the entire day in bed? How many days had he’d been here now? 

“I’ve really lost my shit,” Matt says.

He eyes the footbridge in front of him. Even in the dark he can see that it is in disrepair. Its wooden slats have greyed and splintered from exposure to the elements. Not much of a famed SKY-WALK these days.

Matt leans out toward the edge of the balcony. He looks down into the darkness. He can’t see them, but Matt knows that far below in the alley, the dumpsters wait in the rain. What are they waiting for?

Matt can barely see the wall of rugged rock and running water on the other side of the bridge. The sight of water doesn’t bother him as much as the feel of it. It’s a sneaky little liquid. Life-giving but just as easily life-taking. Water is a bitch. H2O: can’t live with it, can’t live without it. 

Matt feels light-headed. He struggles to keep from passing out, swaying and stumbling about. He’s sloppy and confused. 

“Keep it tageddderrrr,” he tells himself, slurring even the thoughts in his head. “It’sssss jess waaadderrr.”

Matt takes a swig of PERTURBIN’ BOURBON when it hits him. What if all this water were beer? He takes another quick swig. It’s worth a try.

Stepping out onto the rickety SKY-WALK, Matt steadies himself without the handrail. But thunder flashes and the wind wails as he takes the last swig of PERTURBIN’ BOURBON--getting every last drop--and as he attempts another step, the wind changes direction. The gust is stronger this time and pushes him sideways. 

Matt overcorrects and crashes against the railing. It sags. His feet slip out from under him and he smacks down onto the deck. His empty bottle of booze twirls out into space. The wood is cold and slimy beneath his bare chest, the belt of his robe having come undone during the fall. 

Matt’s face hangs over the edge of the bridge. He is panting. Drooling. Shivering with fright. 

Lightning flashes. Thunder cracks. The bottle of booze finally crashes onto the pavement below. 

Blood seeps out Matt’s mouth. He somehow tore open the old cut from LORD’S LIQUORS. It’d be nice if Leo would come and rescue him. 

He tries to say, “Fuck!” But it sounds more like, “Fuh.” His tongue is already swollen.

Matt grips the side of the SKY-WALK with both hands staring at the alley below, not daring to move an inch. He slowly tinkers with his tongue, moving it around his mouth. Something is moving below in the alley. 

It takes awhile before Matt makes out a dark figure pulling a large sack of clothes over the threshold of the hotel’s back door and dragging it down three steps onto the asphalt. The sack looks full and heavy as the phantom drags it across the alley. The rain looks more like blood as it hits the white sack.
With a creek and a clang, Matt watches the figure open the lid to one of the dumpsters. Struggling with the wet sack, the figure smears itself with mud as it heaves the load and sends it over the rim into the big, open receptacle.

Matt is soaking wet. The thick terrycloth of his father's robe feels like it weighs 40 pounds. He curls his toes. His feet are swimming in slime inside his slippers. But they still aren’t cold. His feet are hot and wet with sweat and rainwater. He's dripping heat and blood and wet and it all feels so heavy. So unclean.

Matt thinks of THE FONTIS HOTEL and panics. He doesn't want to go back in there. He can't. He is going to THE CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL to clean himself from THE FONTIS’ filth. He will face the waters and wash away the dirty sex. He can do this. 

He starts to get his hands under him. He's been paralyzed with the panic of a near-fall, hanging out over empty space on this slimy, rotting footbridge for too long. Matt gets on his hands and knees, reaches out and grabs the rail. 

Down below, the shadowy figure closes the lid on the dumpster and pushes it back against the wall. The grinding sound of metal wheels on asphalt is loud and grating.

Lightning flashes, and the entire alley freezes. An indelible image burns into Matt's retinas. This feeling only lasts a moment before the thunder hits. 

The scene melts into motion again, and Matt locks eyes with the figure. He is looking down and the figure is looking up and they hold each other's gaze for a tiny eternity before Matt turns away and crawls across the length of the bridge. 
The rain falls harder. The sound of it fills Matt's ears, blocks his vision. He can't see where he's going. It doesn't help that the electric tiki torches are out. 

The footbridge doesn't land exactly at the CLIFFSIDE GROTTO POOL. The pool is hidden further in the rock. You can't see it from down below. It's not particularly large. When Matt was younger and a bit smaller, he could push off from one end of the pool and get three to five kicks in, swinging his arms in two full overhead strokes before hitting the jagged rocks on the other side. 

The carved path along the rock isn't long, but it’s dark and wet. Matt follows it as best he can, climbing between jagged outcroppings of rock. He grips the cable threaded through eyelets that’s anchored into the stone. Not much of a handrail. Matt's foot cramps up, seizes on him. He slips and nearly falls, but catches himself with help from the cable. His shoulder jars as his weight yanks him down and away from the path. 

He smashes his knees on the rocks repeatedly, bruising and scraping them.

“Arrrrgh,” he screams each time. The pain is quick and sharp and deep. 

His feet keep slipping on the rocks. He can't get any traction in his father’s fraying slippers. Sparky’s slippers. 

Los slippers de Sparky.

They are the first truly comfortable shoes Matt can remember wearing. But they are slippers suited for another sort of life. The soles are wearing unevenly, because Matt drags a toe when he walks. The uppers are shit-stained. Matt can't sit or stand still without shuffling his feet, without placing one foot on top of the other.

His father wore these slippers for years. The shape of Sparky’s feet pressed into the flannel and molded into the interior. Yet, the condition of the footwear remained pristine. Matt has already torn the leather and twisted the shoes out of shape in just a day or so.

Holding on to the sagging cable with one hand, Matt reaches down and rubs his right foot, squeezing it first through the slipper, then with his foot half out, so he can dig his fingers into the arch of his pained foot. 

One of the tassels is missing from the slippers. Torn off by the rock probably.
Matt plops down on the carved stairs in the rock and lets out a sigh. He has failed his father yet again. He slowly fucks things up until he has no options left. He waits for dryer doors to close all around him before making a decision and chucking his wet load in.

Little runnels of water cascade down the rock to either side of the carved stairs. Matt can make out occasional patches of moss. Light shines from some of the hotel windows of the lower floors across the chasm of space. 

Matt spots a couple of lumpy objects on the path, and he reaches out, convinced that one of these must be the missing tassel. He feels the grit of the stony path beneath his reaching fingers. Little chunks of rock. The skull of a rodent with bits of soft, squishy flesh still clinging to it. He recoils and drops the skull. It bounces along the stony stairs and launches off the cliff, disappearing into the rainy darkness.

Fuck.

It's gotta be here somewhere.

The left slipper has both tassels.

Fuck.

The right slipper has only one.

It's gotta be here somewhere. 

Where did Matt fall? He backtracks, shuffling down the path on his knees, still clutching at the cable with one hand, and now feeling along the rocky ground with the other. He knocks little rocks and pebbles aside, sending them caroming down the rock face. The sound of rattling stone rings out for a moment before being muffled, engulfed, swallowed by the melancholy sound of falling water.
Where the path narrows, Matt stands up with his back against the cliff face. He keeps stepping on his feet, crossing one over the other as he shuffle-slides his way, scuffing up the slippers, carelessly. 

There is a remarkable amount of heat radiating from the stone. Steam rises from it. The rain is warm but the rock is hot. 

Matt takes the slippers off and tucks them into the belt of his bathrobe, one over each hip. He ties the belt tighter. This way he won’t keep ruining his father’s slippers and want to kill himself with each step he takes. 

He continues to shimmy down the path, feeling his way along as he goes, feeling for the lost tassel, paying special attention to each of the places he fell. His hands are getting raw from scraping around on the rocks.

He makes it all the way back to the bridge without finding the tassel. He crawls back out onto the decaying structure. It's not here. Not anywhere. 

The alley is silent and empty down below. The dumpsters are pushed back against the wall, their lids closed. No sign that anyone has been there recently.
Who would have been there? Matt hasn't seen anyone in the hotel except for Lala. Waldo hasn’t been around since he took his first break. Surely, there must be someone working. 

Fuck it. 

Fuck the stupid tassels. 

Matt can't make up for a lifetime of self destructive passivity by finding one shitty leather slipper tassel.

He climbs the path. He stubs his toe on an outcropping of rock. It fucking hurts. His nail is broken. His feet are raw. What the fuck is he doing? 

He takes the once-glorious slippers from his belt and slips his feet back into them. The wet flannel squishes and sucks around his toes. His feet slip on the stony path, but he stays upright. He doesn't care. He wants to see the pool. He wants to strip off the robe and step into the water. He wants to cleanse himself of the sin and passivity and filth that coats him. This is something he has to face.

He crests the final rise. The grotto is below him. This hidden crevasse is full of steam. Matt hears or imagines a hissing sound. He imagines that great pressures of gas and liquid are breaking through the surface from deep in the earth, hissing as they escape into the atmosphere. But it is likely that the sound is only the rain falling into the pool below. 

He walks down the steps, counting them as he goes. 

One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve.

Matt unties his belt. He lets the robe fall from his shoulders and onto the landing with a sloppy wet slap. He steps on the heels of the slippers, one in turn with the other, and slips out of them. He drops his briefs. He stands naked before the pool. This is where his mother drowned. 

He steps into the water, onto the first step. His breath catches in his throat. The water is hot. It scalds his ankles. Onto the second step. The water scalds his calves. It’s hotter than he remembers. Onto the third step. The water scalds his knees. 

He breathes again. He breathes deep. He pushes down the panic. He pushes down the fear. The pain helps. He doesn't think about the water. He tries to think of beer. 

All he can think about is water. He is ready to be cleansed. He has been living too long without intention. Without addressing the accumulation of filth. Without addressing his self destructive proclivities.

He descends into the steaming water. The surface tension creates a barrier, a sphincter that stretches to accept his legs deeper with each step. He feels this burning ring rise higher and higher up his body as he steps down into the water. The pain eases once that barrier has moved on. The pain rises along with the pressure. The point of contact hurts, but once he has penetrated, once he has moved on into the deeper water, the pain melts away. 

Unless he moves too quickly. If he kicks up his leg or bends his knee too fast, the movement somehow stirs up the heat, stirs up the pain. Weakens the immunity that has built up as he slowly descends into the steaming pool.
He steps clear of the last step and the pain and pressure shoots from his thighs up over his balls and over his hips. He's standing on uneven stone. The cuts in his feet hurt as he stumbles over hot jagged rock. He lifts his feet and drops down into the water all the way, closing his eyes as the squeezing pain swallows his chest in one gulp and wraps its fingers around his throat. It caresses his ears—they pop as the hot water fills them. 

He feels the ring of pressure closing across the crown of his head. It presses his face tight. His forehead. It feels like he is sinking into hot wax, into a paraffin bath. He can feel the circle shrinking across the top of his head. It closes with a little 'POP!'

He tucks his knees into his chest and then straightens his body out horizontally. He kicks gently, tentatively, avoiding the sudden movements that let in the scalding heat. He raises his left arm in an overhead stroke, and then the right. He should be able to make one more before he reaches the other side.
He raises his left arm again, up over his head, over his body, expecting to break the surface, but he does not. It passes continually through the thick heat of the water. Is he sinking? 

He reaches out in front of him with his right arm, holding his fingers outstretched, waiting to hit the stone at the far side of the pool. He doesn't feel it. He is moving slowly, reaching out cautiously. He doesn't want to move so fast that he burns. He doesn't want to hit the far side and smash his knuckles or his fingers. So he moves gently. But he can't feel the surface. He reaches out again. Reaches overhead to take another stroke, to feel for the air, but he only finds water. He is completely submerged.

He kicks harder and his legs burn. Punishment for movement. He paddles and his arms burn. Matt doesn’t break the surface.

Matt opens his eyes. Hot searing, stinging pain flashes into his face. He can't see anything. He closes his eyes, squeezing them tight, but the pain persists. He kicks harder. He reaches out. 

The water is swirling around him now. Churning. It tastes bitter, alkaline. An odd slickness and the taste of detergent on his tongue as water leaks into his mouth. 

He can't tell which way is up or down, and he can't believe how worried he was about a little slipper tassel. Water roars in his ears. Blood roars in his ears. He reaches out, he reaches up. He feels nothing. He could be anywhere, drowning in the ocean, if it weren't for the extreme heat. 

Matt’s lungs ache. This isn’t beer. He needs air. He tries not to panic. He tries to hold still. The mineral waters make it difficult to sink. He should float right to the surface. He tries to hold his breath for just a few moments more. 

But Matt doesn't rise to the surface. His body is turning and tumbling, twisting around in a maelstrom. The water becomes increasingly agitated. He holds onto the air in his lungs. He has let too much go already ... He resists the urge to inhale. He needs air. He can't think. Everything else is melting away. He needs to breathe or ... or ... or there will be nothing. No one will even find him here. No one comes here anymore.

It hurts to struggle. And why? Why should he fight this? It would be easier to just let go.

Matt is turning and twisting in bubbling water. Stars swim before his eyes. He feels the world slipping away. 

And then his shoulder collides with something solid. He reaches out to grab whatever it is. He hits a wall on the other side. He stretches out his legs and hits bottom. A turning column digs into his back. 

Suddenly Matt doesn't have any space. He kicks out his legs and propels himself upwards—what he thinks is upwards—and he strikes his head on something that rings out with a dull gong-like sound. The pillar keeps digging into his back, striking him with protruding fins.

Matt strikes the ceiling with his fist again and again, pounding and pounding. The barrier gives way and his arm extends out into air. Someone grabs his wrist. Hands pinch his flesh and dig into his arms as Matt is pulled up and out of the water. He is dragged and half-way crawling out of a top-loading washing machine, one of many in a row.

Matt gasps, breathing air down into his lungs. He blinks and tries to open his eyes. They still burn, but he can see light. Matt can see a blurry silhouette against the light. He coughs up soapy water. He can smell nothing but bleach. 
A man holds him up. Matt can't see enough to make out a face, but there is something familiar about him. He holds Matt steady while Matt coughs and spits and chokes and gasps.

Matt finally recognizes this place. He’s in Laundra's THE CLOTHING CLEANING STORE. But it’s foggy. Like that creepy barber shop he went to with the smoke machine.

Matt turns to the man beside him and he knows who it is but can’t believe it.

"Dad?"

Sparky, with a twinkle in his eye, smiles back. 

Matt blinks away the burning haze and reaches out toward his father. Sparky squeezes Matt's arm and gestures out across THE CLOTHING CLEANING STORE.

Matt is still gasping and panting. He tries to talk. 

“How…”

It’s no use. Matt can’t get it together. There are so many questions he wants to ask his father. But all he can do is gasp for more air. He wants to tell his dad what he’s been doing with his life. He wants to apologize for all the potential he let drift down the gutter. He wants to say sorry for running away. 

Matt tries to think, hunched over with a hand on his father’s shoulder. He tries to calm himself. He takes big, slow breaths.

"I fell in love," Matt finally gets out. And suddenly he can't say enough. Matt’s mind is flooded. 

Sparky studies him with patience, as if it is a pleasure to hear Matt’s voice. He smiles at Matt. 

Matt wants to say so much, but when he looks into his father’s eyes he comes to some sort of realization. He had been holding a grudge against his father for having fallen in love after his mother’s death. And that wasn’t fair. And he had been trying to live in his father’s footsteps instead of paving his own path.

“Are you on medication?” Matt asks his father. 

Sparky smiles. He pulls out his slippers. 

Matt looks away with shame. The slippers are ruined.

Sparky rips all the tassels off the slippers, and hands the slippers back to Matt with a great big smile on his face.

And that’s when a commotion on the other side of THE CLOTHING CLEANING STORE grabs Matt’s attention.

They aren't alone in this place after all. There is an argument happening on the other side of the room ...

Two people are arguing near the front of the store: a woman with blond hair and a man dressed in white. Matt squints his eyes, studies the hazy figures and realizes it’s Laundra. She’s yelling at Lucius. At least it looks like she’s yelling. Matt can’t hear a thing. The store is quiet and white. 

“Laundra,” Matt calls. But the words, puttering out from his mouth, get lost somewhere in the fog. 

Matt wants to run to Laundra, to hold her, to feel her. He lurches forward, but his robe is caught on a hook or something. And then he remembers he’s not wearing a robe. He touches his dick. 

Lucius slowly backs Laundra up against the row of washers. 

Matt’s love for Laundra is overcome by his hate for Lucius. He fills with rage. He touches his flattop.

“Kill!” Matt barks silently. 

“Kill!” He wants to scalp Lucius and wear his flattop on his head. 

“Kill!” It’s a really nice flattop.

“Kill!” He wants to smoke some angel dust and pick up the washer and smash Lucius’ orange face right the fuck in. He wants to bash that motherfucker’s white smile to smithereens.  

“Angel dust!” Matt lurches out but can’t break free from whatever is holding him back. 

Matt can’t make out what the argument is about, but Laundra is clearly angry. Lucius stands stern, his lips are pursed. Laundra silently shouts, motioning to the dryers then the storefront windows. Matt studies her face, trying to make out what she is saying. Her face contorts, her brow furrows. He’s never seen Laundra so angry -- so filled with hate. She points to the flooded floor of THE CLOTHING CLEANING STORE. 

And Matt realizes the floor of the store is completely flooded. He’s standing in about an inch or two of slimy reddish water. He lifts his feet, one at a time, out of the warm runny stuff. He watches it drip from his broken big toe with its long cracked toenail. 

Is it wine or . . . what? Is it blood? Should Matt cut his toenails? It’s just such a pain to have to sit down and crouch over and clip the nails into a waste basket. They always fly all over the place and get lost in the carpet. Laundra always complained of getting sliced up from Matt’s long toenails.  

With his hand on Matt’s shoulder, Sparky turns Matt around. He motions for Matt to look back across the store. Matt returns his attention to Laundra and Lucius. And as he watches the argument blow up, he realizes he’s been letting Sparky hold him back all this time. 

Laundra is jabbing a finger into Lucius’ chest. Harder and harder, she thrusts it into the white of Lucius’ suit repeatedly. Lucius takes it with his arms crossed. Again and again, Laundra violently pokes Lucius. 

Before Matt knows what has happened, Lucius has snatched Laundra’s arm, spun her around and twisted her arm tight against her back. She struggles to free herself, squirming around but can’t break free. With his free arm, Lucius lifts the lid of a washer. He grabs the back of Laundra’s head, gripping a fistful of her hair and slams her face first into the open washer. In the moment that Laundra falls forward, her head falling into the washer, Lucius slams the washer lid down hard and repeatedly onto the back of Laundra’s head.

And without any of it making sense, Matt knows that he’s standing in blood, not wine. THE CLOTHING CLEANING STORE is flooded with Laundra’s blood. 

Matt calls out, “Laundra!” He brushes Sparky’s hand off his shoulder, breaking free, and runs toward Lucius. But in that moment of breaking free and rushing forward, Matt slips, falls face first into the bloody wine water and smacks his forehead on something hard. 

And everything goes black.
